# dynamic-SVG-from-Graphviz
javascript code that can be added to an SVG created by Graphviz to make it dynamic when opening in the browser.

## Features

The following features are currently added:

-Highlighting: when nodes or edges are clicked they are highlighted. When clicking on a node all connecting edges are also highlighted, making it easier to trace them when there are many edges in a diagram

-zoom in or our on cluster: using the + or - button added to every cluster the drwaing is zooming in or out on the cluster.

The script is also adding a header section to the SVG with several features

-visibility switches: CSS classes can be added in grahviz dot to nodes or edges, all classes are listed in a button which will hide or show all nodes and edges with that class after clicking.

-(April 5th 2024) I am working on making a slider button that can be used to let items appear in the order defined by numerical CSS classes added to edges and nodes. numerical classes can be ordered integer, could be just 1,2,3,... or years. They are dynamically picked up. Will soon be released.

-(Aug 2024) I am working on the capability to collapse and expand clusters in drawings. But this will require a separate approach, as the complexity of redrawing diagrams requires the actual graphviz library to redraw the graph. Therefore i am working on a new approach whereby the dot src code is loaded in the browser, then the svg is produced by a local WASM library and the user interactions are first done on the dot src (graph object) before the new graph is then rendered using the graphviz WASM library.

## Usage 🛠️
When you have an svg file generated by graphviz you need to edit the file and

change the svg opening tag by adding  onload="addInteractivity(evt)", giving something like:
```
<svg width="2056pt" height="2297pt" viewBox="0.00 0.00 2056.00 2297.00" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" onload="addInteractivity(evt)">
```


The content of the svg-script file should be added in front of the closing /svg tag.
